Title: 2010 Christmas
Date: 2010-12-26
Category: archive
Tags: jbs, life
Slug: 2010-12-26-2010-christmas
Authors: Jon Robbins


It goes and comes like...a cheetah.  I definitely think this year has felt more like Christmas than the past few years--maybe because the kids are really into it this year.  And we have (slightly) more money this year than we have had the last couple.  Either way, the kids saw snow (we have like 5" out there now, and supped to snow some more today), got lots of presents, saw lots of family, and absolutely had a blast.  They really bring it home and make it mean something, and make it a lot of fun.

 So, now I am off of work until January 4th--I am going to take it upon myself to try to learn some <a title="Vala" href="http://live.gnome.org/Vala">Vala</a>.  I started looking into it a few months ago, and it looks really interesting.  I don't really NEED to code anything up at the moment, but I have been thinking of converting this blog from Wordpress to something more static/HTML.  Wordpress exports an XML file of all posts, so I would need to just parse through this file and split it up however is needed, I guess.  Nothing too difficult, just a bunch of string handling.  Should be a good exercise.  I could do it in PureBasic in like 10 minutes though, just because I am so much more familiar with it, but I digress.  Learning tends to be a slow process, and learn by doing I say.

 I may also be working on a few things for work.  I have a database tool that I created that works well, however I do not like certain parts of the UI. I want to refab it to make it more usable.  Might add some features while I am at it.  Ironically, things have been so busy at work that I haven't had the chance to put the time into this project.

 In other news:

 I think I am going to have to suck it up and buy some parts for my Jeep so I can get moving in the spring.  The place I get a lot of stuff from is having a 20% off year end sale, might as well take advantage.

 Hopefully I won't get sucked into another Doctor Who marathon...or maybe hopefully I will. :-)

 My wife keeps making fudge and cookies and cupcakes!  This could be disastrous for my waistline.

 I think I have 10 more <a title="LinuxOutlaws" href="http://linuxoutlaws.com/">LinuxOutlaws</a> episodes to catch up on.

 I think that is all I have for now.

 <strong>Merry Christmas, happy holidays, and have a happy new year!</strong>




tags: #life 


Published Date: Sun, 26 Dec 2010 13:19:45 +0000 

[Original URL](http://factorq.net/2010/12/26/2010-christmas/) | [Original guid](http://factorq.net/?p=468) | PostID= 468

 original filename: 154